 Hey, what's up y'all? I'm Keebeige here and today I'm going to try something a little different See up until yesterday There were basically two types of electric cars Teslas and Non-Teslas basically and I say that because as far as charging when you leave your house You go on a road trip the charging network you have available to use as you move for Teslas They can use Tesla superchargers which are extremely reliable plug-and-play super fast optimized for the car or a public charger as a backup Kind of like this one see model 3 chargers at the public charger and then for every other electric car It's public chargers now. I did my video recently about this about the public charger experience Which is not exactly ideal their issues with up time their issues with reliability showing up at a charger It's broken showing up at a charger. You're not sure if it's gonna be full or not There's less than optimal experiences there, but today is the first day That that is actually a little bit different because Tesla has opened up a couple of Select superchargers to be used by non-Tesla EVs So I'm in the Rivian R1T today as you can tell and I'm gonna go find one of these because I Liked on the map and one of them's kind of close to me And we're gonna figure out what that's like and sort of answer the questions around it So what's gonna have to happen is if you have a non-Tesla EV you open the Tesla app you make an account and you scroll all the way over And you can see there's charge your non-Tesla and you hit that and as of right now There's not a huge list. I don't know why it defaulted to Africa just now interesting But when I zoom in it starts to show me non-Tesla chargers in my area or near me and as you can see Some of these are like regular Not super fast chargers, but there are some super chargers that have popped up a lot of them are in the New York area and one of them right here Looks like it has three stalls available. It's in Brewster, New York. It's a 250 kilowatt charger and I'm gonna arrive there with 90 miles of rains left. So I'm gonna go I'm gonna plug in I'm gonna see what happens Okay, so we've arrived there are a bunch of chargers here eight of them so when else is charging got here with 30% battery left And already you can see a little bit of a difference There's a sign here that says scan for instructions to charge a non-Tesla And what it's gonna do is take you to instructions on how to sign up for an account Get in the app and do what we're about to do here. So hopefully there's no reflections here Let's do it charge your non-Tesla. I'm gonna have to talk about where I've parked in a second This is a concern, but we'll get into this. This is the charger that we're at Brewster, New York 250 kilowatts shoes. It's 39 cents per kilowatt with the membership 49 without charge here and This is gonna ask me which stall I'm at so instead of just plug and play like a normal Tesla I gotta go. Okay, that's 1a. This is 1b So I'm gonna hit 1b and now let's look at what happens with the retrofit So the front of the R1T is where our charge port is and For these select chargers Tesla has retrofitted This built-in CCS adapter on the end of the plug so typically with a Tesla you just pop this cable out and plug it in But with the Rivian or any other CCS charger it looks like that which won't fit so a built-in adapter needs to be unlocked and I hit unlock Push the handle into the dock then pull out to remove Okay, let's try it Sure enough That worked out for me Let's plug it into the car I heard the pin lock already which is good and Ideally that is the closest thing to a plug and play experience will have with a Rivian and Wow, it's actually already working 60 miles an hour 34 minutes to full charge and we are moving 100 miles an hour of charging Solid that was Really quick. Okay, let's talk so a couple things to know here one if this was a Tesla it would be Plug and play you just hit the button plug into your car and your car tells you everything about the charging experience here This car tells me some stuff But also the app is telling me some other things like right now with my current cold battery I have a 143 kilowatt charging speed which is pretty good It's gonna tell me how much this charge session is costing and I can always stop charging at any point if I want to but there are a couple other things to note Now as I mentioned the charge port on the R1T is front left. Oh, you can hear the fans gone This is what supercharging is like Most Teslas and as you saw before when that person was over there actually every single Tesla has the charge port on the back left So currently this truck is Parked in a spot that would actually be occupied by someone who's over here if I was sitting parked here I would charge here, but now I'm blocking that spot. So if there were more cars here I would actually have needed two free spots to charge with this car where the port is on the wrong side and that's really the theme of The charging with a non-Tesla experience, but I mean it's working which is amazing and that's already pretty sweet But yes, non-optimized this cable length this parking grid layout you can see back here It's optimized for someone to pull in here and plug in on the park left and the back left and everyone else will plug in facing out It's not optimized in that way you also won't have your battery Pre-conditioned and warming up on your way to the charger to optimize super fast charging and also It's not going to be the fastest charging potential to even able to be accepted by our vehicle This Rivian is capable of more than what it's accepting right now but with this 400 volt setup with what's designed for a Tesla you're not gonna max out the Rivian or some other really fast charging EVs All right, what are we at now? 146 kilowatts still nice six kilowatts delivered charging at 325 miles an hour Nice, I mean it's as simple as that It's it's awesome that this now works and if you are a driver of a non-Tesla EV You now have this choice of going around working with public chargers and risking it because let's be honest It's a little bit risky or The reliability and uptime of a potentially slightly more expensive per unit Tesla supercharger Which I think I would pick every time so this this changes for me This changes a lot of EVs and how well and how likely I would be to recommend or buy them Really the idea I think with Tesla doing this in such a small amount of chargers is Roll it out slowly and see how it goes Because I do think this charging spot thing is going to be the biggest question mark the biggest issue like this is a pretty Empty charger. This is one that's kind of up in New York in the sort of more Rural areas I would say this is not the busiest charger in the world I wonder what would happen if they went to one of their Busiest superchargers that has a line for Teslas and California or something like that and you suddenly have a truck like this You have a bolt you have an a Rivian you have an EV 6 you have an ionic and they're all Messily parked and not optimized because now suddenly you're taking up two spots for what would normally be one I feel like we kind of just have to see how it goes if I was like a huge Tesla person I'd probably be worried about you know my own Tesla experience will it get worse because more people are charging Potentially you'll have more people waiting in line more people taking up more spots But like I said for right now, it's only a few there's maybe a dozen of these superchargers retrofitted with this magic dock All in the US right now and they all look like this and I think it's a pretty clever integration It's worked clearly super well. I'm charging. I don't have any complaints. It's just made my Rivian a better truck But I think that's the strategy Roll it out to a few and we'll see how it goes look. I'm not the only one trying it today It just lit up on the app so Definitely worth a shot. All right. I'm here with a couple fellow chargers now because you're with a Model 3 all three right There is another Model 3 an F150 lightning and the Rivian R1T and the Lucid and This is the thing we're gonna we're gonna start noticing is when more non-tustlers start to charge I think that etiquette is gonna have to be you have to ask someone to move over Because at this point if if now we get one more F150 lightning or somebody with the charge put on the left There's a spot, but they can't use it and there's a spot, but they can't use it So that's gonna be kind of interesting. That's the first time that's ever you know What they also remove the charger from over there from the corner if you look you see they're not like a staggered as they normally are If they took that one as like a pull-in Yeah, and so now the Lucid's like sticking out Because it's got the charger on the front It's interesting. It's never been like this. You're making a video too, right? Yeah, absolutely so you you've got the last available spot that this could park yeah because it's now I don't think it's gonna reach so the F150 lightning is parked as far up as it can possibly get For this front left charging spot Yeah, hold it out there. We go it worked and does the cable reach for that F150 This is overtaken better here. Oh the flat don't think so much. These no That's not gonna reach that's just barely I mean you could theoretically pull up two inches But that's two inches. Yeah, it's two inches. If you want me to spot you I can try Otherwise, it's you're gonna have to go sideways. I think I don't have to get closer I think if I get two inches closer this way and then two inches up and just tap the front It's gonna work, but right now it's not gonna work. This is gonna be a huge problem. Yep for a lot of people So yeah, that's what we're talking about. This is a Probably the first time and not the last time that you're gonna start to see this like shuffling of Who can charge where maybe you move over so I can charge here? Hopefully people are nice about it But there's gonna be a little bit of an etiquette question when you've got cars that are not exactly optimized trying to figure it out We pulled up this car is like possibly could This can't be good for this I don't like I don't like stretching it like that I think I just You gotta click no now I could possibly push it in but it's not good now Do I have any room up front marquee some here? What you're probably you're talking is ribbing R1T you've got a little push of maybe three four five inches All right, let's let's try that if you're bold could you hold this for me? I guess I got it again. Yep Let's pull up a little bit more. It's a little further back Oh, this is the snowbank here makes it kind of tough That's as close as you can get right there. That was enough to lock it now. All right. This is not ideal You don't want to strain your cable like this. This is definitely not what you want We're doing it now and we are charging all right, so your charging you you've got to plug in Where can they find your video when you publish it? So I have a youtube channel called state of charge. It's completely dedicated to electric vehicle charging Got a nice little logo too. There we go. Perfect. So check there's out f-150 owners take note Until then I'm gonna head out So that's the end of my charge and I guess the beginning of the experience of non-testeless charging At Tesla superchargers You know, I ended my charge. I went from 30 to 85% in like half an hour it costs 30 bucks It worked as expected and improves the truck But let me know what you think of this sort of a game changer kind of think it is one Thanks for watching see the next one You