 Okay, I feel like when I revealed this on Instagram and Twitter a couple days ago It was like trying to explain myself as much as possible in the character limit But that's what the auto focus channel is for just all of my thoughts on cars and everything I want to talk about on the car world so This is a video I've been excited to make for a long time this This is a 2024 Porsche 911 992 generation turbo S and it's my 9.2 generation 9.11 turbo S now the whole idea started as a seed in my head Years ago that I wanted an actual sports car. I really love driving That's one of the things I like a lot to do and for a long time you guys have known I've driven Teslas I think they're amazing cars a lot of them are what got me into cars a long time ago and They're phenomenal daily drivers and they're very fast. They're very powerful But they're not sports cars and I wanted I wanted an actual sports car and really this comes down to what I was talking about in that Twitter and Instagram post which is every time I talk about EVs I always feel like I end up talking about how there are certain types of cars that make the best electric car like a luxury sedan for example the best luxury sedan in the world should be ultra quiet ultra comfortable ultra smooth and Quick and it's probably expensive and that's the perfect candidate to go electric because the electric version will be The quietest this smoothest the most comfortable has all kinds of other benefits traction wise and it'll probably be quicker and Yeah, it'll also be expensive. So that's a perfect car to go electric I still have the Rivian R1T that to me is an awesome vehicle as well as someone who doesn't do any towing and it's great that it's electric Sports cars though are not yet one of those things we do see huge horsepower numbers and they're incredibly fast in a straight line But that always comes with a lot of extra weight And so Turns out with actual sports car on the mind Couldn't really be electric Yeah, so for years this is like the the debate in my head like I've I've Plag came out in 2021 incredibly fast super powerful and to me that was enough fun in the daily driver to still feel kind of sporty But still in the back of my head like I tested the Taycan There are a bunch of other sports cars you've seen me review on this channel the whole thing is yeah I think I think there's a little bit more to it and then I then then it turned 30 and so I kind of had like a incentive to Do something fun, I guess I don't know Bottom line is I driven a couple of porches and I'd never driven and well I'd driven a Taycan in a 9-11 Carrera T briefly but never the 9-11 Turbo S So I did what anybody shopping for a Gigantic purchase would do and I watched every single review that's ever been made about this car and I Rewatched and read every blog post ever made about this generation 992 Turbo S and to be honest, they made me a little nervous Because a lot of people are saying things like this car It's kind of just perfect. It's it might be the best car ever made. It might be too good. It's kind of boring how good it is And me as a reviewer when I hear those things that actually sets off red flags in my head like wait what What other cars is this person ever driven? What are they comparing it to? How is that possible? but at the end of the day with enough of that seed being planted many years ago and that growing and growing in my head eventually I Did pull a trigger at turn 30 and pulled the trigger and it's here now a lot of Porsche nerds always asked they want to know Did you spec the car or was it a was it a showroom car or something like that and I did actually go through the thought Process of maybe I will actually build a spec on the configurator and then wait a year for it But right around when I was looking luckily enough this one showed up brand new as inventory It was way up in Boston and I decided it's exactly how I would have spec the car It's all black murdered out pretty heavy on carbon fiber. It had the arrow kit sport exhaust and everything so I took a one-way flight up to Boston picked it up and the first thing I did was a 200-mile road trip back to the studio So now I've got a lot of time with it. I've got 1200 plus miles on this car now and it's Yeah, it's really good. It's really really good Here's the thing though about this car. This is a sports car This is I think one of the best sports cars ever made and I'm not the only person to say this and there are a lot of others that are close to the top of the list But it's not the best at anything. It's just right up near the top at everything It's the most versatile daily drivable sports car on the planet and you hear that term thrown out a lot But like this car is not as fast as the plan It's just not But this car is also not as fast as a McLaren 765 LT or the Ferrari SF90 or 296 UKB But this car is a 9 out of 10 fast And this car is not as comfortable as Abently or a Rolls Royce or any of the crazy expensive cars like that but For a sports car. It's like a it's like a 9 out of 10 This car is a 9 out of 10 at everything where you could get a car that's a 10 at something But then it's like a six or seven in all the other departments if you want that incredible speed from plaid for example you do sacrifice A ton of weight and handling if you want that comfort you sacrifice speed if you want the daily drivability Like there's a bunch of things you have to sacrifice even in reliability etc That this car is just a 9 and a 9 and a half and a 9.7 At everything so all that is to say I feel like this is my new benchmark for Gas cars and for sports cars and I'm going to continue to review a lot of cars that fall in the same category as this Also, I mean I can talk you through a few things first of all it was a jet black metallic car But it is covered in stealth ppfs and now it has this satin matte look But I also feel like and I'm going to nerd out about my spec for a second here I feel like I love that it is a contrast between satin black and glossy black That's that's the theme for this car So this uh this two stripe up here. This is really what I think separates my black turbo us from everyone else's This was a a little custom thing I worked on with APC and I think it turned out really good Glossy black it breaks it up nice. It's sporty. It's aggressive But then you have the turbo exclusive wheels these are also Powder coated black and I did also paint the brick the brake calipers I know that's probably sacrilegious to partial lovers who believe they should always be yellow but I'm a I'm a fan. It's a little more stealth that way. It's the only color on the entire car But again gloss black satin black it has a lot of carbon fiber in this spec here the mirror caps Even right inside the car the gloss to the satin a little bit of carbon fiber and we'll get in there in a second Deturbo inlets you've got all this glossy black and then it's a little messy back here Because of all the salt on the jersey roads, but hey glossy black on it diffuser with the sports exhaust at the bottom and the clear tail lights I think it's I think it's a pretty sick spec if you don't know about this car already This isn't gonna be like a full review yet I've only had 1200 miles with it and I think it deserves a little more than that before I'm fully reviewing the car But I will say there's a couple things to note about it if you're wondering it is a rear engine car Not mid engine Slight difference, but that does mean there's a little bit of room behind me and these seats come down and Folded to make a shelf. I can put golf clubs back there believe it or not um the other thing about this car though is The tech is actually not all that great Now again like I said nine nine and a half out of ten on everything It's not the loudest car in the world you can get a louder car, but honestly I actually really like the stealth of the fact that this isn't the loudest car ever But also the tech like I said It's fine. Here's here's a screen up front right? This is a wireless car play or Android auto So it's a big high-res screen. It looks fantastic and it's even got this carbon fiber a little shelf here for you to like Move around and I think a lot of people would say this is this is fine This is fine, but the car player Android auto never goes to the front screens There's also an incredibly well-built interior honestly probably my favorite in any car And it's got two USB-C ports down here, but no wireless chargers for your phone Not a lot of space to put your phone in general, so it stays in my pocket I also think the 360 camera here This is pretty good, but the reverse camera not my favorite It's got a ton of distortion and it also gets dirty really easily when you drive on any sort of dirty road I even little things this is this is so nitpicky, but there is no phone key So you have to carry a fob which I mean some people love this thing. It's all shiny But I wasn't carrying anything in my left back pocket for years before this The phone app also kind of doesn't really do much to show you history of trips Can't preheat the car. Also there was no dash cam a car like this This expensive I kind of want a dash cam. So I did actually end up having a dash cam installed in the front and the back It's pretty big, but it's a good one. It's the think where you 3000 and it sits up here where I was hoping This car would have one built in but honestly in the sports car world like I said you don't really see super high-end tech Which is why I'm reviewing a lot of this stuff, but It's still an eight or a nine in that and the drive I mean This this isn't the primary focus of most of my car reviews But the reason that I got this car turns out yeah, the people were right. It drives incredible It's nine out of ten fast. It's nine and a half out of ten handling it handles like it's on rails It's all wheel drive. It is also on winter tires right now I put the the piezer a winters on it I can't wait to get the summers on when it's hot because it's chilling around here in Jersey right now um Yeah, the people the people were right this car is Incredible. So it's my new benchmark for sports car driving Performance now the natural questions y'all might have after seeing this are one one you're gonna review the car I don't know probably sometime in the next year not exactly sure yet But I do plan on fully reviewing this car just like every other car I get to test two how long will it stay stock I don't know I kind of love it stock right now, but it Could be a little bit quicker on the high end. We'll see Three isn't there a new 992 refresh coming with potentially a hybrid I think that's true I've been reading a lot of those rumors as well watching the videos And so we'll see this might end up being something where in a year or two or three years That gets unveiled and it's actually amazing and super different and then I want to check that out But I don't know that yet either And then four Okay, so you have this and the Rivian what happens to the plaid That's a good question. I don't need two daily drivers anymore. So I'm gonna sell the plaid I'm gonna sell it well. I'm gonna auction it potentially 20 you guys on On uh cars and bids. Yes, that cars and bids or I should say this Cars and bids.com shout out to Doug Demiro fellow youtuber He founded this site and I've been watching so many of his videos He kind of put it right in front of our faces the whole time So shout out to cars and bids for sponsoring this portion of the video actually As Doug has always said, it's the ultimate online marketplace for enthusiast cars from 1981 and up I'd say my plaid and qualifies and since sellers list for free and the four and a half percent buyers fee is capped at $4,500 I feel like I'm in pretty good hands here. The fun part is I am not sure if more people will want this car Because it's mine or because it was customized a little bit. It's got this stealth pp 4 over the top It's got the carbon ceramic brakes from Tesla's track pack It's one of the first plaid ever so it's got the original 3d badge or if less people will want it because I daily drove it to the tune of like 44,000 miles. I mean, they have a pretty high sales rate of like 85% and I'm offering at no reserve So I guess we'll see we'll find out Either way, thanks for watching and I'll catch you guys in the next one probably electric peace