 Alright, what's up y'all? I'm back with another hybrid. It's one of the weirdest hybrids I've ever tested in implementation. So when you think of hybrid, you probably think of the hybrids that are trying to get the best gas mileage possible. This is not one of those hybrids. This is one of those hybrids that's geared for improving performance. I talked about it in the Ferrari 296 review. There are hybrids coming out. Lots of sports car hybrids on the horizon that mix electric and gas, the best of both worlds, to give you the best possible performance. And this is one of them. So this is the Corvette E-Ray brand new shiny blue paint color too. A whole bunch of cool things about this car I want to show you, but also just these weird quirks. And don't get me wrong, living with it is great. I've been living with it for a couple days now and it's awesome, but it just has this weird implementation of the hybrid system that I want to show you. So all the things that we know and love about this new C8 platform are still true. Like there's a bunch of other variants of the C8 Corvette. This still has all that awesomeness. It's got the engine from the stingray behind the driver. It's mid engine. It's got the wide body shape of the Z06. I reviewed the Z06 already. If you want to learn a whole bunch more about this car and I really enjoyed that thing, that one much more track focus, much more hardcore. It's just the naturally aspirated V8. This one because it's electrified, it's aiming to be the most livable Corvette ever. And I think it succeeds with being the best dailyable Corvette they've ever made. So, you know, E-Ray stuff is going to be this new body color bumper, which I think with the blue paint looks really, really good, not going to lie. Still got that front trunk up there we all love. And then back here, you still got these huge vents. I want to go to the back. I mean the only way you can really tell it's E-Ray is because of this badging down here. It says E-Ray. It's got that stingray badge up top here. And this is how the back of the E-Ray looks. And then you're also going to have this wishbone shape here on the side of the car. If it is painted body color, that's how you know you're looking at an E-Ray on the street unless the owner's modified it. But also I think that's such a good looking silhouette. It's clear they were inspired by Ferrari. I mean you get a lot of Ferrari vibes with this silhouette. But the first hint at what they're trying to do with this car is over here at the tires. You get staggered wheels, 21 inch in the back, 20 inch in the front, carbon ceramic brakes, but they are on Michelin all season tires. I feel like all season tires. That's the biggest statement you can make shipping a car from the factory with all season tires, which is hey we want you to drive this thing all year round. This is the Northeast. It's barely over 50 degrees today. It's going to get down to the 30s and you can drive this car in the winter. But then you already know about the practicality of this platform, this mid-engine with the front trunk but also the rear trunk. So if you open this whole back section there you go. You can fit if you've got a normal size golf bag. You can fit a whole golf bag back here and there's the engine from the Stingray that 6.2 liter I believe. So this V8 is putting out about 500 horsepower and then you get an electric motor at the front between the front wheels. That's kicking out another 160 horsepower. Totalling about 650 horsepower, which is sick, that makes it the first Corvette with all-wheel drive. It makes it the quickest Corvette ever by the 10.5 second quarter, 2.5 second zero to 60. And it still sounds pretty good if I sit in here and fire it up. You'll hear what I mean. This is one of the challenges of YouTube is trying to try to get the sound to go through on camera but doesn't even have a soft one. That's crazy. So the design is great. The power train is rock solid and the practicality is still here. All the things we like about this CA platform are still here but once you get into the specifics, the details of the hybrid system, that's when it starts to get weird. So they built this platform with the idea of making a hybrid version in mind. So they left a room up front between the front two wheels to put the electric motor and right through the middle is a pretty small battery pack but it's completely separate from the rear axle. Completely separate. So that means the front axle and only the front axle is powered by the battery and the electric motor and the rear axle and only the rear axle is powered by the V8. So you still, it's technically all wheel drive but that's going to mean you don't get quite the same list of benefits and behaviors as a hybrid that say has electric on all both axles or an all wheel drive car from the gas engine by itself. So here's what I mean. So again the car and the driver seat here and get the best possible view. That square steering wheel, love it or hate it. So the battery pack is in here. You can start up the car as one of the primary benefits in what's called stealth mode. All you have to do is get in, close the door and buckle up. Yes, you have to. And then you'll get this nice animation on the screens that are actually telling you you can do this which is starting up the car in stealth mode. As you can imagine that's electric only. All you got to do is turn that knob to the right and it's going to say, oh you're looking to do a different mode than usual. Yeah, we got those. We have normal mode, shuttle mode and stealth mode. Stealth mode starts up the car just using the electrical power. You hit start and I'm going to put the window down so you can hear this. The car is now fully electric and drives like an electric car with this sound. It is truly super cool to be able to drive around a car like this completely silently. As you can imagine the use cases, you fire it up in the morning, you leave your garage totally silently. You don't wake up your spouse or the neighbors and you leave the neighborhood silently. This can get three to four miles of electric on a full charge and it'll go up to about 45 miles an hour after which it will kick on the V8 behind you to fill in the extra torque that you've asked of it to go over 45 miles an hour and then it does this whole spinning up sinking process. Again, because the front and rear axles are not talking to each other, it's got to figure out how fast you're going, fire up the engine, sink everything, get the RPMs matched and then have everything turn on. It's it's really bizarre and it works but you can only do stealth mode from ignition. You cannot do stealth mode in the middle of a drive or as you're coming back into your neighborhood at the end of the day because again, it's separate. But then another subquirk, if I can trademark that Doug Numerra, a subquirk of this car is stealth mode is not available under 50 degrees Fahrenheit. I'll put the stealth mode on there. At all. Like I'll bring the car home, it'll be a cold day and I want to start in stealth mode the next morning and I'll try it and it'll say stealth mode not available. But this is supposed to be a car that you can daily everywhere and it has all seasons implying in winter climates you can use it but stealth mode won't work under 50. Kind of weird. So let's already do the first quirk. You can't start stealth mode any time while you're driving. It has to be as you start the car. But the second interesting thing about this car is there's actually a button down here that lets you start recharging the tiny built-in battery at any point. So let's say you're out driving you've been using a bunch of battery. It's doing all the awesome stuff that it does. Performance-wise to fill in the torque gaps and make it a super fun drive pulls you out of corners from that front axle off the line. It's awesome. It does all that. Now you have a lower battery but you know you want to leave in stealth mode the next morning. You hit this button it's called charge plus and it'll opportunistically fill the battery back to 100% as quickly as possible. I think this is a great feature and it's shocking how fast it charges the battery back up. Like if you were to guess let's say you're at roughly 75 or 80% which is where it likes to keep the battery. How long do you think it would take to charge as you're driving neighborhood speeds back up to 100% battery? Three minutes, two minutes, it's like 15 seconds. You can watch it on the screen fill up 1% at a time as you're driving because it's such a small battery and it charges so quickly that you can really quickly get up to 100% battery. So that's interesting. It's such a small battery but then like I said you can get it up to 100% and it will like to stay around 80% if you're not doing charge plus. So yeah all this stuff these quirks are really interesting and I call them quirks because they're not quite advantages but the fact that you can't use stealth mode as you're driving you have to start it from a park. That's a quirk right the fact that you don't get all of the traction control benefits of an electric motor because it's not on the rear axle at all. Most of the power is still doing the normal V8 stuff from the rear axle. You do get some benefits and as you drive this thing you notice them. You really notice it pulling you forward a little more responsibly and all sorts of scenarios where you would be waiting for the V8 to spool up. All that is great but yeah it's definitely it's got those quirks. So you put it all together and what do you get? You get the e-ray which I don't even know if it will be the most popular Corvette in this C8 lineup but I do think if you look at every single one in the lineup as far as which one people decide to daily drive every single day it should be this one. This is the one that makes the most sense in the winter. It's got the off-season tires. It's got all-wheel drive and it is still super quick and still sounds really really good. I do expect a couple more versions of this this platform to come out with maybe even more power but until then this is the most friendly most daily drivable and in my opinion the most livable Corvette ever made thanks to going kind of electric. So let me know if you had to pick one of the C8 Corvettes to live with as your daily driver despite the possible downsides would you pick this one? I still think I would. Let me know though thanks for watching. Catch you in the next one. Peace.