 Alright, so I feel like last time we did this video, last time I sat in this car, in this parking spot, on an Android phone and talked about EVs. I was talking about how the state of EVs is held back so much by charging. I could have got all these great electric cars, but I was talking about this experience of charging them being dramatically behind. This Tesla has got this huge advantage where they have built out this huge charging network and they have spent the billions and billions of dollars and now it is so much better to own a Tesla and drive around and charge using their network than it is to use any other, any public network, any electrified America, all that stuff. But clearly that has changed, so this kind of feels like a sequel to that video, so let's talk about what's happening here. So in North America, this is specifically North America, the ports that I'm talking about apply to North America here, but in North America we've got Tesla with their charging port, which they call NACS, the North American charging standard, but it's Tesla's port, they own it. And then there's everyone else, and most of them are using most amazing CCS, this open standard. And because there's so many Tesla superchargers out here that no other car other than Tesla's can use, a question that kept popping up was, when are we going to maybe be able to charge other EVs on Tesla superchargers? Wouldn't that be sick? Wouldn't that be a win for everyone? It would be better for all of those EVs and Tesla could charge for it. And Elon kept tweeting about it, like, oh yeah, we'll make it available someday, sure. Yeah, oh, we're allowing it, we're allowing it, but like it never happened. And then a couple of weeks ago I made that video on the like three or four chargers that opened up Tesla superchargers with this magic dock. That had a CCS plug on the end so you could plug in any CCS car. There's like three or four of these chargers. And that was kind of cool, and that made my Rivian 3% better, but it was not very many chargers, but now we're starting to see this wave of actual collaborations with Tesla that are much more meaningful. It started with Ford, then it was GM, and then Rivian, and I'm starting to think by the time I post this video there might be another domino to fall, but essentially what's happened is the CEOs have gone, all right, you know what? Tesla superchargers are so far ahead and are so good that you know what, we're just going to put Tesla's port in our cars, and we're going to make Tesla superchargers available to all of our cars. It's not every single Tesla supercharger, but it's thousands of them. It's meaningfully, dramatically better for these cars. So like this started with Ford, right? And Ford CEO basically collaborated announced this and was like, all right, yeah. So starting in 2025, all four EVs will switch from the CCS port to Tesla's NACS port. Wow, sick, and they'll be able to use thousands of Tesla superchargers and can still use the public charges if they want to, if they're willing or brave or daring enough, they can use those two, they can get a CCS adapter. But basically they become much better cars because they work on Tesla superchargers now. And then GM did it. And so that's all the Hummer EV and all the Cadillac lyrics and all of those. And then Rivian today was the last domino to fall and there'll be more. But yeah, this is this is a game changer and my take on this honestly is this is a win for everyone. So I can we can literally break this down who it's a win for. First of all, it's a win for us, the EV driver, because let's just take the Rivian, for example, I feel like it's pretty obvious that it's a much better product now that you can confidently road trip in a Rivian in North America. Because Tesla superchargers are that good, the uptime is that much better, they're that much more reliable. I just think that's a no brainer. That's a win for us people driving these cars or driving the cars of the future with that port. It's a win for the companies doing this like Ford GM and Rivian so far, because now all of their cars are better and all of the cars are better options because let's be honest. I think a lot of people would agree that these vehicles are better than the vehicles, Tesla's making so if you prefer a pickup truck or a five row of seven cedar SUV, whatever these options are that Rivian or Hummer or or Cadillac or these others are making. These are better vehicles. So now all of them become better and more likely to be bought by people who want to use them all the time. That's a win for the companies making them they'll get more customers and then it is a win for Tesla because of course they're getting paid. The logics of them getting paid are pretty straightforward, but they're even behind the scenes things like of course, okay, you'll need a Tesla account, you'll pay the ten bucks a month, you'll pay for the charging kind of like a gas station, Tesla's the new gas station maybe. But they're also I believe potentially eligible for government subsidy money. The government is paying for a bunch of charges to be made and they have to be able to charge lots of different cars to be eligible for the money. So they're going to get a lot of money for that to Tesla wins might might only be a little bit too much of a win for Tesla when you look forward into the future at potential monopoly status. But there's a couple of things to consider. Rivian is one of those companies who has said they're going to continue investing in and building their own network their adventure network. Even though they are now going to be switching to any CS and they also I remember I talked to RJ the CEO on our podcast and one fact and listen to that episode real quick. Check out this clip real quick where he actually addresses Tesla superchargers. There's been a massive under investment in charging infrastructure. It's just like a couple of Tesla chargers that have added this adapter that can work in a show up in the map, which is great. Do wish there were more open on Tesla's network. Yeah, I think that I think more will open on Tesla's network. We've the Rivians can charge on that on Tesla's network where they're open. The way I think about it is over time, I hope charging starts to become more ubiquitous and it becomes less of an issue. If you asked me, it sounds like he had a hunch that this was coming or that this was a possibility. But the point is the density of chargers available for all of these cars just got dramatically better or at least will be in 2024 and 2025 when they switched to the new port. And that's a win for everyone buying those cars, everyone driving those cars and the port itself is really good. I think that's a little bit of an underrated thing, the thin cable, the incredibly well made chargers in the first place and the more easily maneuverable end of the cable. It's a good plug. So I see this as a pretty pretty much a win all the way across the board. Yeah, so this this feels like a good sequel slash part two. I'll leave it at this. I still do actually hope that public chargers slow level two chargers and all sorts of other chargers that are just sort of floating around that aren't in the Tesla network continue to get better because one, I think there will always be a delta between all Tesla Superchargers access or some Tesla Superchargers access. I believe Tesla has to keep some for themselves to have some advantage to buying a Tesla over another EV. I think that will be their main advantage. And I also just want Tesla and charging in general just be better across the board. And so if you watch the rest of that interview with RJ, he talks about them investing heavily in their own charging network and putting them in specific places that make sense for rivians. Rivians are adventure vehicles. So you won't really find Tesla Superchargers at national parks or in forests or campsites, but you will find Rivians adventure network there. So they can be more specialized and if you buy a river, it'll make sense to use those sometimes. So I hope that investment continues from these companies, but now they kind of have less pressure to do that mass highway adoption of just putting these things all over the place because Tesla's been doing that. It's a good look. Who do you think is the next domino at a fall? It could be lucid. It could be Hyundai. It could be Mercedes, pole star. Maybe even there's a lot of there's a lot left on the tail, but I think we're going to see some more, which is a good thing. Alright, that's been it. Thanks for watching. Catch you the next one. Peace.