 Now honestly you can't go more than about 60 seconds in New York City without seeing a Cadillac escalade or something like that. And it's not that they're popular to drive or buy. It's just that they're popular to ride in like as Uber blacks, limousines, rideshare services, like these things are everywhere. And I've been saying they should make an electric escalade because all it just matches up too well. Like what do you expect from an escalade when you get in that thing? You're like okay it's an escalade. This should be big. It should be luxurious. It should be smooth. It should be quiet. And it'll probably be pretty expensive. And what do you expect out of a brand new electric vehicle like an SUV? Well it'll probably be big and heavy but also it should be smooth. It should be quiet. And it'll probably be expensive. Like it just matches too well. And so guess what? I just got back from the city where GM's stood there unveiling of the first electric escalade. It's called the escalade IQ. And I gotta say GM's cooking. GM has got a lot going on. And this seems like a pretty good match. So let me show you what I saw. Now to have you out of course this is a 2025 model. So like I said a lot of what I'm seeing here it actually isn't a real vehicle. I'd say it's more of like a visual representation of a bunch of promises that they're making. But there's a lot of really stuff here. So let me go through one by one. First of all the design. This is what it looks like. I mean it has a really big street presence kind of like every other new escalade which mostly are black. But this one is light gray with an optional black roof. Honestly it just reminds me of like a jumbo size lyric. Like if you remember the lyric I viewed a few months ago it had a certain look to it. It looked pretty high tech. It felt also pretty underrated. This has a lot of lyric vibes. Just scaled up a lot. And then with a few escalade touches. But like if you've seen an escalade you know how big these things are. It has those like vertical tail lights which play these nice little animations when you walk up to it. It's got this nice light at the top of the back. But also the front has some nice lights. It's got the lights in the grill and the logo which are just like the lyric but then vertical headlights from the escalade. So it's just like someone skilled up a lyric and Photoshop by like 150% and then added some escalade touches. So specs. There's basically just one spec. It's one powertrain at launch. It's going to be a dual motor all wheel drive setup. It's going to have an absolutely gigantic 200 plus pillow at our battery. They didn't specify exactly but this thing is going to be super heavy. And it's going to have a targeted 450 mile range. Even with these enormous 24 inch wheels. So that is really solid and I think it still will be in 2025. So there's some aerodynamic bits here and there to help make this happen. Mostly just these gigantic built in arrow caps built into these wheels so it can slip through the air a little more efficiently than just the classic refrigerator design. But yeah this this equals huge. The battery is huge. It'll do 0 to 60 in under 5 seconds thanks to a 750 horsepower and 785 pound feet of torque in max velocity mode. And it'll fast charge this huge flat back here is the charge port on the left and just look how small this little charge port looks in this absolutely massive rear end of the Cadillac. It's absolutely wild. It should be able to add 100 miles of range in 10 minutes and support bidirectional charging. Not sure if this will be an NACS port by the time this comes out but I'll keep an eye on it since that's something GM promise that they would adopt Tesla's charging port. But yeah okay so this thing has adaptive air suspension so this is a normal height but it can raise up an inch for comfort or drop down by 2 inches to let people get in more easily since this thing is so tall. It also has a real front trunk which the rear didn't really have and it's actually pretty huge. It's got a 2 cubic feet with this huge opening and it's pretty narrow. It's got a power outlet inside. Allegedly it can fit a full set of golf clubs maybe even two. All I really know is from looking at it is it's pretty shallow but also pretty deep. So you can definitely fit a good amount of stuff in there as covered lock storage. And then it has four wheel steering standard. So these rear wheels will actually turn up to 10 degrees to dramatically shorten the effective wheelbase of the car and help it turn much tighter which is honestly pretty sick in New York City but also just in general makes it feel a little bit smaller. And it will also literally do crab walk mode just like the Hummer EV although Cadillac will call it something else. I think it's called a rival mode and it'll help you get in and out of parking spaces more easily. It's pretty funny this thing is just like a Hummer but for the city. And then there's a bunch of luxury features inside. This is even less final but you know since it's Cadillac you can kind of trust a lot of what we're getting into with the quality of materials leather and metal everywhere. And then for this IQ we're doing a huge continuous touchscreen for this dashboard across the front of the car. It's big but I don't think it's too distracting because it's not super tall. Also I'm seeing there's still some traditional controls for your air vents and radio and lights and stuff like that. They'll have Google software on what they're calling a 55 inch diagonal touchscreen but that's really more like the 35 inch ultra wide touchscreen for the driver and then a little bezel and then next to it a 12 inch touchscreen for the passenger. And I'm actually told this is crazy but I'm told that this passenger screen will be polarized so the driver can't even really see it when it's on and be distracted by it. I've never seen that before but sounds like a good idea if it works. And then you know looking around there's a good amount of storage. There's some behind this second controller touchscreen, some underneath in between the driver and the passenger there's just a bunch of it's a huge vehicle so there should be a ton of storage. And then this model that they showed me has the executive back seat option so this second row is even more fancy with these screens on the backs of the headrests and the center console in between them but a lot of people will probably just get a normal second row with a gap in the middle that leads back to a third row behind them that also power folds flat. There's a huge static glass roof. It doesn't open but it's a glass roof it less than a lot of light for the front two rows and then it doesn't quite make it to the third row but it's still a roomy third row from what I can see. And the trunk space behind the third row is solid too which shouldn't be a surprise because again it's an escalator this thing is huge but now you can see it. And then there's some other little quirks like all four doors can be power opened by the touch screens which I mean if that is a new feature I don't know what it is and the driver's side door will actually automatically open up when you walk up to it with the key fops so it just presents itself open. And there's up to 40 speakers inside this thing if you opt for the highest end AKG sound system including a bunch in the door and I'm sure there's some here even in the headrests of the seats probably some butt subwoofers too. But this whole thing is going to start at $130,000 again it is an escalator it is expensive that's not really a shocker. I was kind of tempted when I first saw like the pictures of it to compare it to the Rivian R1S. I call that basically the best SUV you can buy it's three rows as well but this is like a whole price bracket above that. So it's premium it's bigger it's more expensive but I really can see this quickly becoming well liked in the community of people who already drive escalators around every day. Oh probably a very popular limo in New York City but that's it. Let me know what you think. Would you have done anything differently with making the electric escalator finally that they're pulling off? I think GM's kind of cooking right now. Well played the lyric and now this. Sweet. Thanks for watching. Catch you in the next one. Peace.