 Okay, so here's the thing about a minivan. Everyone can agree on one thing, which is a minivan is very practical, very livable. If you need to go on a trip or if you have a lot of people you're taking with you, a big family, car seats, minivans are like the most livable thing, but nobody really wants a minivan. That's beyond us. Like you get one out of practicality, but you're not really desiring a minivan. But what if you could get a minivan in disguise? What if you could get a practical 3-row SUV that has all the features of a minivan, but isn't a minivan? Now we're talking. So this here, this is the Kia EV9. It's actually two different specs of the EV9, but I've been living with this thing for about a week now, driving it every day, and I'm telling you right now, it's not missing anything. 3-row, fully electric SUV, full size, lots of space, and all the things that you think of when you think, okay, minivan, here's what I need, here's the space I need, the features and practicality I need, it has all of it. But then of course you have to contend with the fact that it's electric and it's a Kia, and every time I do this, I review a Kia and it's like, this is the highest end, fully option GT, it's like $75,000. If you take the Kia logo off of it, I think we can all agree, very compelling. For the cheapest 3-row fully electric SUV, it's really good, it's not missing anything. But then you put the Kia logo back on it, and then you think, hmm, do I want to spend $75,000 for a Kia? But stay with me, I think you might be convinced by this one. So first of all, there's several trims of this thing. This is the one I've been driving in this ocean blue, which I think looks sick, but I'll get to it in a second. Over here, we have a lower end trim, which has a little more silver trim. It actually has a metallic paint job, but slightly fewer options. This thing starts in rear wheel drive at $55,000. It's called the light. Then there's the wind, which is all wheel drive. That's $64,000. Then the land is $70,000, and then the GT, this is basically fully optioned everything you can possibly get, starting at $74,000. But now think about its competition, because I'm driving this the whole time thinking about the other options you could get as far as three row fully electric. You've got Tesla Model X, Rivian R1S, which I love. I've done a video about that. Then you've got maybe the future escalade when it comes out, or maybe one or two others that are right about to come out. This is the cheapest one. But they've really managed to cram a lot of stuff in here. Then it's just a materials choice. So first of all, I'm going to start with the key. I've showed you guys the key before I review the EV6, but the same idea here is got, I mean, first of all, I like this key because you can sit on it in your back pocket, and not accidentally hit any buttons. Small detail. But you got that lock button there, pretty sweet lights. Then if I have the car locked here, and I flip it over, and I hit that whole button, so I got to be really close to it just to make sure it works. But I hold that for a few seconds. It lights up, and then I can hit forward or backward. And it'll actually move the car by itself into or out of its parking space, which is pretty cool. There's nobody in the car. But I'm sort of a dog walking this fully electric full-size vehicle wherever I want. Let go, move it backwards, I guess. I have to be close to it for it to start. But let's move it backwards. Go ahead. Go ahead, move it back into the spot. Perfect. And part. Easy. It has the lights on the front, which is a good opportunity to show you that. These little pixel lights on the front here light up in a different welcome animation based on whichever one you choose in the settings. Now I already liked and showed you guys how much I liked the other electric he is. I think they're one of the brands doing the best job at like reinventing themselves with a new aesthetic for their electric vehicles. And the EV9, I think, is just as good looking as the other stuff too. It's got this little animation stuff happening, but also these big DRLs. It's beeping out because it doesn't like leaving the lights on, but now it's turning off. Also you might have seen that move. That's some active aerodynamics to open up and let the air in for cooling some stuff or to close it up to be a little more aerodynamic. And just walking around this thing. So the fundamentals are great. Big long wheel base, as you can see, but basically the same length of a body as a telluride, just more space between the wheels. So then between those wheels is a 99.8 kilowatt hour battery. It's going to get an EPA estimated 270 miles of range. I found that to be close to accurate, maybe 250-ish. It's pretty big. And then the GT is going to have the most horsepower, 379 horsepower and 516 pound-feet of torque. And that doesn't sound like a lot for something that's pretty big, full-size and electric, so it weighs a lot. But it is still pretty zippy for a dual motor all-wheel drive, three-row, not quite mini-van. And then they've been doing this interesting look with the wheels. I'm going to go over to this one first because it's even more distinct. It's got this silver triangle sort of aero cap look on the wheel. This is what he is doing to try to make their EVs look a little more modern and distinct. And it looks weird at first, but I kind of don't hate it for some reason. Then I'll come around to this one over here. And this one's a little more normal looking, but it's all black. And I almost at first thought I could remove these little panels here like they're plastic, but nothing seems to come off. So it's a 21-inch wheel on the GT. And this is about as aerodynamically efficient as you can make it on the front. Well, there is a front trunk, by the way. This is a ground-up EV and they have left enough room to put stuff in the front. It's not very big. I don't know how much you're going to use this, but in the rear wheel drive versions, this is about twice as big. So it's like a backpack space here now, but maybe a full carry-on if you don't have the all-wheel drive version. But close that. Come around the side. You have this black mirror cap here with the blinker. Like a light on the side. These auto recess when you're driving. And these are some big doors. And I was just noticing how heavy they are when we were opening these doors and closing them, but huge, seal, huge door here. And we'll get back to the quality of materials in a second. But all this black trim on the GT, I think, looks nice. And then look at that side profile. That's good. It's not a minivan. It's not a minivan. But if we get around to the back here, you can start to see it looks maybe a little more standard. I'll show you those tail lights. I still think they look pretty good because they're these big tall tail lights here. But maybe that's a little more mini-vany from the rear profile. Fine. Same as a tell-you-ride, a little bit, I guess, a little bigger. But okay, power opening, rear trunk, behind the third row. And let me know if you think that's practical enough for you. Again, there's three rows in here. So this is just a storage behind the third row. So that's definitely enough for a couple of bags, maybe some carry-ons back here. Obviously, groceries will fit. There's also a tiny little bit of a sub-tronk. So that's already kind of occupied by some stuff. And you have your charging cables right here. But also, full on outlet back here. And then some buttons to power fold the second row, which you can't reach from back here. So that's good. But folding these back seats as easy as grabbing this. And if the headrests are down, then it folds flat right into the back space right there. So this is going to start to feel minivan. But I think practical is the way we're looking to use here. So now, two rows of seats and a lot of rear trunk space. But I want to pull these back up because I want to show you guys what the inside of the car is like with all three rows up. So you kind of have to do this with two hands. Pull this rope back up and then let go. But let's make our way to the inside because it's more impressive than walk around the outside. So let's get into EV9. It's kind of tall. Nice little roof rack. Also, how is it always so loud here? Okay. Inside the EV9. So a couple things stand out right away. If you've seen the EV9 review a lot of this will be familiar. But some of it's actually even better. It's more updated. It's more spacious. But there is a good amount of plastic. So if you're not okay with a lot of plastic and a $75,000 vehicle, this one might be a little bit of a bummer. But again, my key is it's not missing anything. Like it has every feature I would want in this trim. So that also does mean there's a lot of buttons. But if I put my foot on the brake right in here, that's where you power it up. I was kind of not really into that positioning. I kind of would either want a button around here somewhere or just no button at all. Foot on the brake. But you know, leave these these days. They've got power buttons. I'm glad that these are physical buttons too. So you can bump up the temperature or bump it down right here and you've got your fan speed up and down. So I love that. That's always good to see with HVAC controls. But then it starts to get cool. Down here, look at this. This is a USB port, USB type C port right here. But you've got a button right here to switch it between battery so charging only or USB data to the car and battery. So if you just want power to charge, boom, you're there. If you want data for your screens, then that's there. Push button. I've never seen that before. Actually, that's kind of cool. You've got the storage in the middle. And of course, you can see all the ambient lighting kind of around the middle of the car. This little garage door slides back. It's kind of plastic, but it still works. It does what it's supposed to and this push button makes cup holders out of this space. So if you want to organize it a little more carefully, you can do that or just let it be free open space if you'd like to. I'll close that. My phone's down here on the wireless charger and that's your indicator to make sure you're charging. If that out, it turns off. You've also got your camera controls. You've got brake auto hold, a fingerprint reader to log into your profile. And my favorite part down here, the pedals have a plus and a minus button. Just, you know, because you're going forward and then breaking. So like more and then less energy. I don't know. It's plus or minus speed. But basically all this paneling is, it's pretty basic. Like this is what you'd find in a Honda Odyssey plus a little bit of lighting, right? It's there is no real leather in this car. So all this is going to be fake leather and, you know, plastic feeling, but you've got a heated steering wheel. You've got heated seats right here. Love that. Memorize two different heated seating positions as well. Also ventilated seats. It's not missing anything. What else do you have? You have the opposite of the Fisker. You have a gigantic sun visor here, which has a gigantic mirror and a huge light. That's actually kind of soft. You also have an HUD up there, which is very welcome. You also have a mirror here, which can be a regular mirror or a camera mirror. Love seeing that, especially if you have rear passengers. You probably want to go with the camera mirror. You also have a manually shaded or wide open sunroof that opens and is motorized. So that's pretty sweet. Also back there you can shade even more glass above the back passengers and very welcome to see wireless car play and Android Auto. So again, my phone's over here, not plugged in, but guess what? Car play. Works great, especially if it's down here on this where I was charger. But I actually want to give a quick shout out to Kia's software. This might be my hot take of this video, but I think Kia... All right, bro. Chill. I think Kia's software might be the most responsive. Definitely top three most responsive car software I have ever used. Because you know how sometimes you watch car videos and people are like, oh wow, the infotainment, it's very smooth, it's responsive and then they swipe. And it's like 12 FPS and you're like, we have iPads that look better than this for $200. Like what are you talking about? This is actually really good. So again, you can jump in car play, but look at this. This is actually pretty good. You jump into maps, you can jump into all the media stuff is here. Plus you still have like car play lined up here. Now I'd never use the maps built in. That's... It's not great. But if you do and you navigate to a charger with the built-in nav, it will actually precondition the car's battery knowing you're about to get to a charger. So if you do want that to happen, you have to use the built-in maps otherwise maybe run them at the same time with car play. I don't know. Anyway, this is a lot of screen. Like 30 inches of screen, but it's touch screen all the way to this point right here. So you do still have like HVAC controls if you want to jump in here and do AC and temperature and sync up and do whatever. All that stuff is still indicated on that touch screen, but then all this touch screen stuff. This is actually good. I don't know why you'd want weather in the car. You're already outside, I guess. I don't know. The future weather, I guess that's neat. You have a search, which works decently well, but you can find some features. Not all of them are actually going to show up. Media, setup, it's good. This is car play. This is the media that's being pumped into the car right now and then set up for a bunch of other basic stuff. So vehicle stuff, settings, if you have EV stuff, that's your charging, which your battery status is currently at. This is good. I am very happy with the software in the EV9. Now, I don't want to forget about the rest of the space in this car because real quick, these driver seats, while they're not leather, they are very soft and they're comfortable. They even have these like active bolsters where if you go into sport mode or go over a certain speed, they'll hug you. They'll do a little bit more and these headrests, these might be the softest headrests I've ever felt mainly because they're like gel and they also kind of have this mesh so they're kind of like a herm and miller office chair. It's really good. But of course, there's more rows. So let's go to the back seat. The second row seats is going to be really telling about how much space is in this car. Big heavy door. Let's jump into the second row. So now I've got myself a good amount of leg room, plus little storage here behind a 6-3 driving position. And I'd say that's a pretty good spot for a road trip, not too bad. If I close this door here, comfy. And interestingly, this is the six row setup. So it's two in the front, the captain seats in the middle, and then two in the back. You can also get a three row middle, but I think a lot of people, many van people, you know, this convenient access is pretty nice. And these chairs, I saw some other videos of these particular chairs in the EV9 swiveling around so you can like face the back seats if you wanted to or like put a car seat facing the other way, whatever. It doesn't do that in this vehicle in the US. I think anywhere in North America, it might just be Korea. So unfortunately, these don't swivel, but they do have armrests and they do have nice headrests, and they're comfortable too. Now the third row test, that's the fun one, because I remember the back seat of the R1S. And even though I like that vehicle, it's pretty small. Put the headrest up. This is also pretty small. So 6-3 here, 6-3 here, 6-3 here, not great. I don't really want to be in the back seat of this for more than a couple of minutes, but if you have some smaller people like, let's say, what many van people usually have. Oh, I don't know. Kids, then this is totally fine. In the back seat still has multiple cup holders, USB type C, speakers in the back. It's got the air vents everywhere. It's got that glass roof over the top. It's not missing anything. But let me crawl back out of the back seat real quick. I'm already getting cramped, but there's still some stuff I want to show you. Obviously, second row is more comfortable. You have all this ambient lighting you can see here, the blue and green, sort of and right look. And this is harder with one hand, but I can show you that there is storage back here. There's a drawer, so you can put stuff here. Or if you pop this back, storage inside this thing. So you can keep your charging cables or whatever other stuff you want to put in there. Pop that closed. Nice. In a lot of ways, this is the easiest spec of this vehicle to review because it just has everything. It even has not a huge screen, but a little screen overhead for your air conditioning controls for the back seat. Turn up, turn down temperature, whatever you want to do, fan speed. You also have these little nets over to the side on the windows to the left or to the right. So if you want to mesh, give yourself a little bit of a shade. Sunshade's there. Also, USB type C on both of these seats for the back seat. And if you want to bump up your legroom a little bit, you can even move that passenger seat forward backward from a button on the side of it from the back seat. So I am honestly finding it hard to say that I would pick the Rivian R1S for anything much more than just build quality. The Rivian is obviously, well maybe it's not obvious, but it's quicker. It has 800 something horsepower, so it should be quicker. It's more off-road capable. But if you look at all the sort of a minivan spec, minivan capabilities, like, okay, it doesn't have air suspension, but the dampers on this thing are tuned very well to the point where it always drives soft. It rides really nice. It's got these big wheels, but it absorbs pot holes. It's got this nice sophisticated rebound. It sort of drifts a little bit over bigger bumps, but other than that, it's fine. It just rides smooth. Now in case you're wondering, I know most people who would buy a minivan or an EB9 probably don't care, but there is a drive mode button right here, and if you press it, your drive modes are normal, sport, my drive, snow, and eco. So I think in eco, you can decouple the front and rear motors, and sometimes be only single motor drive, which is going to be more efficient. I can go back to normal, and normal just drives around as soft and pillowy as can be no problem. This ability is great. Speakers are pretty good, a little bit lacking in base, but honestly totally fine. I talked about the camera mirror already, like, dang, they thought of everything. Man, I think Kia has been shockingly high on my power rankings of electric cars that I would buy. They have truly, let me lock it. They have truly reinvented themselves with the aesthetics and the feature set of their electric cars. Now word on the street is there's going to be an even faster GT version of the EB9. That's insane, totally unnecessary. That's cool too if you want that. Probably will have less range though. But as a general power rankings for three-row electric vehicles, if you made me pick one now, again, you're picking between R1S, 90 grand, Tesla Model X, 90 grand, and this, 50 to 75 grand. So you can say yes, I'm paying a lot of money for a Kia, but also you could say I'm not paying a lot of money for 250 to 280 miles of range, 200 plus Kilowatt charging, not a lot of road trips, basically a minivan, fully electric, totally silent, smooth, three rows, a lot of space, a lot of features. This thing's pretty good. What do you think? Which one would you pick? Thanks for watching. Get to the next one. Peace.