 The world of performance cars is full of trade-offs. You can't have it all, right? Let's say you want a super low-slung hardcore fast sports car, but you live somewhere like New Jersey with horrible roads. Then it kind of can't happen for you, right? Or maybe Kind of kind of kidding, but that's also actually a big part of how this car came to be. So I'm also kind of not kidding So I have almost no good reason to make a video about this car. None of you are going to buy one. I'm pretty sure there's only 1499 of them ever made. It's super limited edition. It's hard to get. It's incredibly expensive and impractical, but I did just get to test one for a couple days And it is pretty sick. So why not? I'm gonna share it with you. That's what I do. This is the Lamborghini Huracan Storado. So Lamborghini makes a bunch of hardcore crazy cars kind of like this I mean this is based on the Huracan Evo, but it is a off-road version of it But I kind of I just love the story of how this car came to exist Which is that the people at Lamborghini who had been testing and making all these cars had gotten kind of tired of driving them on Italy's horrible streets and decided to turn a capable version of a off-roading Lamborghini into a reality. Now this isn't a truck. This isn't based on yours or anything, but it is more off-road capable than your typical Huracan. Now when I say off-road, I literally just mean off-of-paved regular roads like this meaning a Curb or two, some light dirt rallying. This is not a truck. You're not rock crawling or anything But you can at least go off of the road or in my case I mean a lot of other people are gonna drive this on dirt roads and trails and things like that But what about just horrible New Jersey roads? This is the best Lamborghini for Horrible roads. Okay, if you've seen a Huracan before you're gonna find a lot of the things you're looking at here familiar but with kind of this rugged bolt-on added look for some of the crazy parts that make it off-road capable So it is a Huracan, right slightly detuned engine, but it's still that naturally aspirated V10 behind you But then a little bit of a wider track and a little bit of bolted on pieces to accommodate the wider track like this isn't this isn't really I guess it's Bodywork, but it's bolted on to make it fit but it's kind of sick I love it and then the whole thing is lifted off the ground by just under two inches Not that that's a ton, but that does make a meaningful difference to the suspension behavior And then you are looking at all terrain tires. So these are bridge stone all terrain Actually run flat tires and they've actually kept the carbon ceramic brakes behind them Which I thought was a little interesting, but hey the car stops really well And this whole bottom sort of skid plate looks sick There's a lot more matte black around the car and then of course at the front you've noticed by now These lights which are absolutely Sick not that they make a giant difference and most of the driving are gonna do but I mean let's be honest That's that's pretty dope. So you still have the pretty classic slanted Lamborghini headlights and the high beams there But you do have extra sort of trail lights that light up the road way way down the road in front of you If you were doing that sort of thing now This isn't like something you would use on regular street driving So this car is full of contradictions like that like this is full of things that don't quite make sense or Make a little bit of sense But I kind of just like it anyway even if I never get to use it on the road That part looks sick and the bolted on part is cool too and then another option at this car has that sort of Distinguishes the strato when you look at it is this roof rack here and it's got a full-size spare wheel and tire on the top It totally moves the center gravity of the car way off the ground It makes a ton of wind noise when you're driving and I almost never think I'm going to use it because again These are run flats, but hey if you really need it You have it, but I do want to show you a bunch of the things about this car that make way less sense than you're expecting So you get inside it's a Huracan So there's all kinds of things inside this car that you've seen before including these non-heated carbon fiber bucket seats Let's start it up just so we can hear the V10 real quick That's a warm start It sounds amazing. It's naturally aspirated. It's got a ton of power. It's a big V10 of course It's awesome, but there's also been this thing with Lamborghini's for a little while There's other videos about this but how they are so much quieter under 4,000 RPM with the valves closed and Over 4,000 RPM with the valves open. They're crazy loud and so there isn't really any sort of switch to manually open the valves It's just if you want to drive your Lamborghini loudly you need to be over 4,000 RPM so the valves open up Now I was thinking about this. I was like Okay, maybe as I'm driving I'm like I've noticed it's it feels kind of stealthy and quiet under 4,000 RPM If you shift up and if you're out sitting at a stoplight It's it's kind of not that loud and it's maybe you could get away with driving this in a kind of a stealthy way and not bring too much attention to yourself And then I and then I looked at it again from the outside and it is a bright yellow Lamborghini so Never mind now if you're ever having a bad day and you feel like you're not wanted or you're not useful I just want you to always keep in mind that you will never be as useless as the rearview mirror In the Huracan Starrato You will never be that useless. Here's why so one of the many modifications they've made to the Starrato to make it more Off-road capable is they've moved the engine intake up to this huge vent up here It's also kind of covered by the roof rack So it's it's not the easiest thing to see But that's just kind of essentially a huge snorkel to bring in air from above the car instead of maybe Wet or muddy or dirty air from down below So a bunch of air intake coming into the top of the car like that and that means there is absolutely no Rear visibility like zero and so when you get into the back of this car Give me a second here Let the camera expose Yeah Nothing behind me at all and there's a nice big mirror here for me to see That there is nothing behind me. So here's another fun fact at the bottom of the Lamborghini steering wheel whether I keep their drive modes They've switched from strata sport and Corsa to strata Which is street driving sport and rally now I don't exactly have a bunch of open fields at the ready for me to go test this in but I have seen some YouTube videos Harry's garage is a great one where he goes and drives this thing around in the grass in the dirt in rally mode It gives you some slip lets you play with the tail kicking out all the time. It looks super fun So this is a car that you can actually do a little bit more than just basic light dirt driving with you can actually You can do a lot more again not rock crawling, but that seems cool But on the street with our crappy roads It is a very easy driving car Matter of fact, I would say that this is the easiest driving obviously Lamborghini But the easiest driving sports car on new Jersey roads Potholes, speed bumps, tolls, bridges Connecting pieces on streets like all those things that sound and feel horrible when you're driving are very smoothed out by this Lamborghini Here's why it doesn't make sense is because this is an incredibly loud car In a ton of ways. So yeah, the feel the field don't get me wrong is gonna be awesome There's a lot more a lift to the nose when you accelerate There's a lot more give to the suspension. It's much bouncier. It's not floaty, but it is so much more forgiving But the amount of things that make noise in this car from the huge V10 To the all-terrain tires to the wind noise of the extra bits on the car and the roof rack and the tire on the roof And just in general wind noise all this stuff is way louder It's kind of I mean some people would call it a symphony. I'd probably call it like a cacophony damn That's a big word. I did not have to do it like that But the idea here is it's it's just easier to drive and not really anything else too crazy It still has a front trunk. It still has all the things that people love about the Huracan I love that this thing exists It's obviously not a car that most people are ever gonna do what I'm suggesting Which is daily driving on crappy roads, but it is it's just it's cool It it a lot of people look at it obviously because it's a bright yellow Lamborghini But also it's different. I would say the biggest weakness of this car by a mile is the tech The software it is not gonna sure about this Horrible everything about it's bad now it definitely looks cool I mean you've got this steering wheel with a bunch of buttons on it these huge paddle shifters and then you've got these Fighter jet type of like controls up here a lot of Lamborghinis have had these for a long time and I guess this part is intuitive just getting your hazards on windows up and down traction control your auto start stop and your front headlights are great But I do not love this part right here the buttons for the blinkers on the steering wheel It's actually left right and middle to cancel I don't like that at all and I'll just fire this up real quick to show you how bad the software is That part is fun then you get the Huracan strato boot animation and Then you have to accept for some reason there you go all the vehicle controls This is it you do have wired car play which I would immediately turn on because this That lag was crazy is not great you also have vehicle controls just look at Like what is go what is this? What is going on why would I want to why would I want to move around the car like this the volume? Did I hit it or not? There it is the volume is here. Oh, man. I just there's nothing good about this software at all This kind of came up in the Porsche video, which is like a lot of cars like this do not focus on the software at all That's not the point of buying a Huracan or a 911 or most sports cars You're driving a most of the time don't worry about the tech But I do kind of think they're gonna have to catch up eventually if people are Daily driving some stuff like this. I would like the tech to be a little better Anyway, this is this is wholly the most unrelatable ridiculous car I've ever gotten to test and It's kind of the opposite of the Rolls Royce that we just saw the Rolls Royce made a ton of sense It was the best smoothest most capable quietest Rolls Royce ever because it went electric that car made so much sense this is a kind of stealth but also totally not stealth kind of smooth but also totally rowdy Ridiculous limited edition sports car that you can't buy and I had a ton of fun testing it and that would do it again That's been it Thanks for watching and I'll catch you guys in the next much more reasonable video. Peace