 Alright, slight confession. There's an EV that I really like, despite knowing that it has a lot of flaws, and I actually would never buy it. I wouldn't even recommend getting it, but it's one of those where I like, I say that it's a great EV that no one should ever buy. I really mean that about this one, so I see a lot of pole stars on the road. I know it's just an electric Volvo. I've known about them for a while, tested them for a bit. This is the latest one I've tested right here. This is the pole star 2. This happens to be the super exclusive high performance version, the pole star 2 BST. I'm going to attempt to explain why I still like it, despite knowing all of its flaws. So the pole star 2 is a fully electric, crossover-sized, sort of fast-back, similar in size to like a Tesla Model Y, or a Kia EV6, or Mustang Mach-E or an Ionic 5. It's like that, but a little bit smaller, actually. It's got this clean trim design. You're seeing footage before of this olive grey one that I was testing before, but this is a black on black, which I happen to like a little better. But the BST thing is really interesting, so I'll put what BST stands for on the screen right here. But it's the super exclusive limited performance version. This pole star BST230, they'll only make 230 of them. But they basically did the exact opposite thing that Tesla did. Tesla knows everyone likes straight line speed, so what? You want the super fast one? Here's plaid. We put an extra motor in it, some bigger tires, and it just goes faster in a straight line. But it's the same brake, same handling, same everything else. What this one, the opposite is like, it's not really that much faster. I think they added maybe 50-60 something horsepower over the regular pole star 2. It's not even really that fast. It's still like a 4-second car, 0-60. But everything I did here was handling and precision oriented. Much better tires, much better handling, stiffer springs, better dampers, all the stuff towards precision of the drive, and not really that much faster. It's kind of a quirky thing to do. So, why do I think it's flawed and why do I still love it? Well, a lot of the stuff I love actually has to do with design on the outside, and we'll get to the inside in a second. But I'll make sure to point out the things that are specifically BST about this car that you won't get in a normal pole star 2. Like up front here, you've got this little badge here that says pole star engineered, and this little facelift. This is pole star 2 stuff. But then this racing stripe up here, going from matte black racing stripe to glossy black car, this is a BST thing. And it's actually on the glass roof too. So, that's not every pole star 2. But I think generally it's a nicely proportioned car. Am I right? Am I crazy? It's kind of boxy a little bit. Like I said, it's a little smaller in the back seat than some of its competitors. But I think it's a good looking silhouette, pretty recognizable pole star stuff. I think the headlights are nice. They look good on the road. Those tone signals look solid. Then these front wheels, these are pole star 2 BST. So, they only upgrade the front brakes. The back brakes are actually normal back here, but big old carbon ceramics for the BST. And then these big 21 inch wheels up here are BST on these Paralyp zeros. But generally, there you go. BST stuff. But it's a black paint, black pole star. All of that is pretty normal looking. You get back here. And I am a sucker for a tail light bar. So, they've done a good job here of getting me to like the rear design. I'm also holding the key here, which means that if I come back here with my foot, and I'm holding some groceries and I just give it one of those, it should open up. Why is this so loud? Every time I shoot video out here, it's... It's so loud. Anyway, this is a pretty reasonably sized trunk, I would say. It is at the expense of a little bit of back seat space. You'll see the back seat smaller. That is definitely one of the flaws of this car. But I do kind of like this bit right here. Nice little shelf. That's good for your groceries not sloshing around as much. If you're having a little fun with stuff on the back seat. Put that down. But that's a good sized rear. Those seats all go down, or you can just do a little pass through if you want. A little 12 volt back here. So, I would say a successful trunk. But we'll get to the back seat in a second. Put that down so you can see the lights again. Love that. I see it on the road. I just like bars. I like the tail light bars. Okay, you come around to the side. It's a pretty normal looking side profile. Again, I see them on the road. I know it's just an electric Volvo, but I think they look pretty handsome. But I think it's probably time to get on the inside. So I can show you all the stuff that really makes it a pull star. It's okay. Now I'm inside the pull star two. And this is where it definitely starts going from liking it and seeing them on the road to realizing that it's not amazing. It's not amazing. It's still a good car, but it's got some flaws. Actually, one of my favorite flaws that I'm totally fine with is this car normally has a glass roof. But this one has a racing stripe through the entire car, which means that it blocks through the middle of the roof. Just separates it into, I guess, two glass roofs. That's more of a quirk than a flaw, actually. But let's get to the rest. So tech-wise, if you're just looking around, we've got a pretty classic interior layout here. There is a screen behind the steering wheel, and there is a single screen in the center with most of your controls. Not a whole lot of other physical controls for the pull star. There's literally this little drive selector, which has the pull star logo on it, which is pretty nice. Works pretty easily. Parked button here. But then, just media, just a volume knob, play pause, and heating and hazards. No other buttons. I wish this wasn't glossy, but it is. I also wish the bezels weren't so big on this sort of a tablet thing in here. If I go to the maps, you can see better how big these bezels look. It kind of has like an old-school, retired iPad vibe. I don't think the bezels need to be this big. I will say there's a home button on the bottom, so you do want that bezel to be bigger. But then the rest, just make it look a little dated, a little quickly. But the screen back here is nice. There is no HUD, but there's your maps and everything that's typically super useful to have right behind the steering wheel. That's not different from usual. I will also mention the speakers in this car. It's got an optional, higher end sound system, and I was pretty underwhelmed with the speakers in this car. There is a good amount of material selection though. If you look at the seats in here, a little bit of Alcantara for the BST thing, but these are still good comfortable seats, even in leather. Nice contrast stitching. The yellow seat belts, I think, is nice. I really like that touch. Matches the brakes. A whole bunch of different materials over here, and it's well built for sure. Definitely no complaints on that. Here's your glove box. Good size. One cup holder. One cup holder. Not a ton of space in the middle, and then just like this little section here, maybe for your phone. Your phone can also go here, where you do have a wireless charger, but you do not have wireless car play or wireless Android Auto. You instead can either plug it in for a wired car play or use the Android Automotive built into the touchscreen in this car, which is what they want you to do. And I have my thoughts about this. On one hand, it's actually really nicely integrated. It's got all of the stuff you typically use. You can put Google Maps on the screen. You can put Ways on the screen. All of the climate controls are fairly simple and intuitive. I even like the fact that if you're using the built-in navigation tools like with Ways or Google Maps, it shows up on the center display behind the steering wheel, but also your navigation instructions only play from the front speakers instead of every speaker in the car. Like it normally would if I just connected by a Bluetooth or a car player or something like that. Little things like that make me feel like the car experience, the software experience for a car can be better when it's controlled by the manufacturer. But they have to be good at software. They have to be a software company. So there's plenty of stuff in here that's kind of basic and simple. Look at the drive modes. These are all the apps that I have on the car. You kind of just treat it like it's its own phone. It has its own navigation. You can put Ways on here, Google Maps on here, YouTube if you want while the car is parked. But if you ever ask to do Apple CarPlay or something, it's going to ask you to plug it in. So you can mostly use this as its own device. And if you want performance stuff, there's really only a few things in here. Steering feel, sport mode, which is traction control off as well. And then creep and one pedal drive regen levels. That's kind of it. There's really only those things to change as far as driving. You get all your classic 360 view stuff, your camera views in here. But when it comes to all the other stuff that you normally do on your phone, like say answering a message by replying back without taking your fingers off the wheel or asking Google Assistant something or navigating to a charger, like you can do all of that stuff on this screen. It's just a matter of whether you want to do it the Google Android Automotive way or if you want to just pair your phone and do it that way. It's your choice. I think the truth is most people are used to the way on their phone. Just let me get wireless Android Auto or wireless car play on the screen like every other car in this price range. But there is a little bit of a learning curve that can make this at least acceptable. It's another quirk about this car. I also got to show you the back seat because this back seat is kind of small. If I'd be honest, I don't want this seat during a road trip. I don't want it. My head, I'm 6'3", right? So I'm behind a 6'3 driving position. My head is kind of scraping this top of the ceiling here a little bit because I'm behind the glass roof. And then there's just not that much room for your legs. It's a nice comfortable seat again, but not a ton of space here. The center seat has this big column in the middle, which I'm not even sure why. I thought EVs didn't have to have a huge column. Maybe there's some electronics in there. I don't know. They are heated, by the way. But not great. Really not the most room for your legs back here. If you're any more than about 60 tall. So look, I like a lot of the things that they did with this car. And matter of fact, I continue to see them on the road and I continue to like the way it looks, the way it's designed. And a lot of what they did with the BST stuff is really clever and makes it super fun to handle. Fun fact, my top 3 EVs that I've ever driven that are best at disguising their weight are that Porsche Taycan, the $2 million rematch Naveira, and this thing. It's super nimble and quick and steering has some feel and it's actually quick and it's great. But you'd have to be insane to buy this. This is an $80,000 version of the Polestar 2. And at that price, I mean there are much better performing EVs. You can get a base Polestar 2 closer to like 50 grand, but you easily can spec it up to like 60, 65. And at that point, you're competing with Tesla Model Y, Model Y Performance, Mustang, Mach E and Mach E GT, Ionic 5, Ionic N when that comes out, K8EV6 GT, and those are pretty much all faster than this. And you probably won't appreciate the nuances of, oh I forgot to show you the, hold on a sec, I gotta show you the front trunk real quick. This is the craziest part. That's wild. Look at this, look at this front trunk setup. There are a small amount of storage up here, but then there are custom Olin's dampers that you literally twist to increase or decrease compression. For suspension control, there's nothing in the software that does this. This is just pure car hardware porn. If you're into that, that's like the type of thing you have to be crazy to really spend extra on and want. This car makes no sense for having this, but it's got it and it's custom. So this car is wild, you probably should not buy one, but obviously they know what I like because they made a matte black car with a nice racing stripe with some custom dampers and some fun suspension tricks, and it handles it super nimble and it's quick. It's not slow, it's still a 450, almost 500 horsepower car I think, but it's not going to really add up to the $80,000 they demand for the BST or even the 70 for others. Never heard a single make that noise before. This is probably the noise you'll stay, I've ever shot. Let me know what you think of the video quality or what you think of this sound, but until the next one, get your gas later. Peace.