 What's up y'all, I'm KBHD here. Okay, story time. I don't, this is a little different from the usual videos on an auto focus channel, but this is why I started this channel because I have thoughts on cars and this, this is the place to do it. So I want to get this thought out there and I think we'll see which, who agrees and see if people are on the same page with me. So a couple days ago I went out to get food. This is like two days ago. This is what inspired this video. I want you to go get food and it was at this like mall plaza where there's a food place I like. I pull up, I park. I walk in over and this lady like flags me down. Hey, hey, can you help me with something real quick? I was like, uh, sure. Yeah, why not? I walk over and she's pointing at an electric car in a charging spot and she says, can you help me? I can't figure out how to get this to charge. I go, oh yeah, of course. She saw that I pulled up in this electric car so she figured this person knows how this works. And so in this whole, you know, mall plaza, there's like two electric car charging spots right in the corner. She parked and she was like, I can't get it to work. I can't get it to plug in. This is lady and her son or a person that she's with, younger guy and then she's trying to figure this out. First things first, it's a Tesla and this is a charge point charging station. She says, I can't figure it out. It doesn't plug in. I said, oh, of course, you need the adapter that comes in the trunk. And as it comes out on my mouth, I'm like, that doesn't sound easy. But do you have the adapter? What are you talking about? I open the trunk for her. I get the little Tesla bag with the adapter in it from CCS to the Tesla plug. I said, you plug this on here and then plug it in and it should work. She said, I'm sorry, I don't know any of this. It's my son's car. The battery's a lot. I just need to get it to charge. Oh, yeah, it's totally fine. It plugs in. But it doesn't start charging because it's a charge point charger and you need to pay and initiate it to start charging. And so I say, do you have a charge point account? As it comes out on my mouth, I know the answer is no. And she's trying to just get it to work. And I say, OK, as long as you have tap to pay right here, you don't need to count. You just plug it in like you just did tap to pay with your phone and it should start. So she does. I hear a little beep sound. The charge light turns blue. I go, all right, you should be good. That should turn green in a few seconds. You should be good. I walk in. I go get my food. I got take out because I wanted it. I grabbed it. And I come back out and I walk back towards my car and she's like flagging me down again. I walk over there. It's not working. It's still blue. It hasn't started yet. And a little screen on the charge point charger just says like charging not started. And the car, which it's a model free that she's in, it's got the screen up and it shows that it sees that it's plugged in, but it just isn't getting power. At this point, I'm like, this could be one of those things where you don't really know what's wrong. There's a car right next to her at the other electric car charging spot and that person has crossed the wire from one side to the other and it is charging. And I kind of figured like that person might know that the other one's broken, which is why they crossed the wire. Maybe this one's broken. And so I try to explain this all to her and I'm like telling her, you know, if you can find a Tesla supercharger, I know there's one five minutes away. That'll be much faster. It's plug and play. You don't need the adapter. But my point to all of this is the charging infrastructure is just as important to the electric car experience as the car itself. Right? Like try imagine explaining to your parents, your grandparents, or anyone who's not super adept with technology, especially that instead of going to a gas station, they need to make sure they find a working charger with a right adapter and all this that might be, to might take longer, it might be a slower charger, it might be broken like this experience. And there's been versions of this before where it's like people are like actually genuinely mad and they're like, I don't think the electric car thing is for me. Countless examples and it keeps bringing this to light where it's like the cars are one thing. And I love reviewing the cars and I keep making videos about the cars because I think they're getting so good. But on the other hand, it's way less sexy and interesting to make a video about the charging infrastructure or the public chargers available or the free chargers or the paid chargers, but they are literally half the story. They're just as important as the car itself. We've got a bunch of chargers in the front of our studio actually. There's about half a dozen. There's six of them. Now I've been in this studio building for six, seven years, something like that. So I'm a really good tenant. I'm in touch with the building management. And when they told me that they're going to put some electric car chargers and I was like, oh, great. Yeah, I have an electric car. There's some plug and hybrids I see in the parking lot. There's some other electric cars. It'll be great. They put them in. It's been about a year. And those of those six, one of them has completely broken and no longer has a cable, not sure why. One of them, several of them, and I'll put a little clip in this video so you can see they're extremely finicky about exactly how you have to plug it in. So not only is there an adapter on my car, but then I have to twist, bend the cable around just right to get the pin to go through and for it to recognize that it's charging or not. Here, look at this clip at the seat. Just exactly what I'm talking about. So it's insane. It's like, if the wind blows too hard, I get a notification on my phone saying, you're car stop charging. It's like, this is the type of thing you don't want regular people to have to do with. As an early adopter, I'm totally willing to go out of my way to do this stuff. My point is, yeah, the electric car charging experience is way behind the electric car. The grid, the chargers, the maintenance, all this stuff. It's a big question mark. So I'm hoping that this is the type of thing that gets just as much investment. Again, I think we talk about with Tesla all the time where it's like their advantage is not just the cars, but the superchargers. Who else is going to do the whole supercharger thing? Will they open up superchargers to other cars, but then they'll still need adapters? I'm sorry, this bird is distractingly gigantic over there. Just going to use the zoom on this S23 ultra to show you. Anyway, that's just what I had on my mind. I'm curious if you guys have had similar experiences or if you know other people who have had such a bad electric car experience that they decided they were not interested in electric car. I bet the man that that woman was traveling with was completely uninterested in an electric car after that experience. Something to think about. Okay, anyway, more car videos coming back just soon just wanted to share this one. Also as I mentioned, shooting this on the S23 ultra. And this borderline eagle, which I guess probably has a bad wing, is now closer than ever to me. We'll see what happens when he gets close. But let me know what you think of the quality. This might be the first auto focus video in 8K. Alright. Catch you guys later. Peace.