 Alright, I'm officially I'm gonna coin a new term in this video. Athletic luxury, athletic luxury, athletic luxury, so I'm calling it. Okay, so I've spent the last week or two living with the Bentley Flying Spur. Yes, and it's a hybrid version, and it's a really interesting hybrid for two reasons actually. But first, remember the end last video when I said I did something a little bit different in this video and I didn't want to tell you guys what it was to see if anyone noticed? What I did was I shot this on the same iPhone 14 Pro that I usually do, but without ProRes, just because the only way I can get this X-Front microphone to work. And nobody noticed, so I'm gonna keep doing that because I think it sounds much better. Anyway, okay, so this is a really interesting hybrid for two main reasons. The first one being that it's a kind of an interesting fusion between the luxury of the my box of the world and the athletic cars like say a Tesla Model S. So that's, that's a luxury. But then the second one, as you might guess, is that this is a literal hybrid. And I've talked about hybrids a little bit before. This one, the Flying Spur S does have a four liter V8 version, but this hybrid one is a little 2.9 liter V6 in there with some electric motors and an 18 kilowatt hour battery. Now it is kind of interesting that Bentley is actually offering the V8 version and the hybrid version of this exact same car alongside each other. This is huge sedan. And I would honestly personally probably pick the hybrid version if I was spending 300 grand on this gigantic automobile, just because it's getting the same type of power. It's the same roughly four seconds or a 60, but you add the option to go about 20 miles on an electric only battery in completely silent comfort. And you get about 500 miles instead of 450 to a full tank of gas. Plus it's a little stilthier, a little more high tech. Now that's not to say I would ever actually end up buying a car like this. It is purely ridiculous luxury, but hey, while we have it, we might as well show you what makes it so interesting. And maybe there's one person who watches this channel that would actually buy a Bentley Flying Spur. So let's just look at it. So first of all, this iconic looking sedan is huge. How huge exactly? Our friend Miles is reviewing a Cadillac Escalade, and I parked this next to it. And they're the same length. This is the length of a Cadillac Escalade from front to back. But there's a lot of details and things that make it so iconic looking. I mean, you've got this sort of a Flying Spur shape for ventilation here. The Bentley logo, this huge black grille, which does have a camera up front for the 360 view. And then the sort of iconic headlights, which look like chandeliers. I may have never seen this much crystal detail in headlights before, but that's definitely a look Bentley customers are into. You've got this big black line dividing the right side from the left side, which kind of looks really cool. And then these huge 22 inch front back wheels and pretty big brakes. And you might already know about this, but since this is the S version of the Flying Spur, a lot of the chrome pieces of trim that would normally be really shiny are now black trim, which is cool. So black trim down here at the bottom. This is black trim. Also the headlights I should mention, black trim around those circles. But I do appreciate that aesthetic. Also, I want to point out these door handles have black on the top and instead of opening out like you might expect, they open up, which we'll get to the interior in a second. We'll move down to the back half here where you do have this one here is your electric for the plug-in because it is a plug-in hybrid. Weirdly enough, the car must be off and in park to open this. And then the other side is your gas cap, which can be opened electronically from the front of the car. And then of course, you do have a pretty sizable amount of space. So this is a good opportunity to show you the key. Big old Bentley logo there, a lot of chrome. You hold that down. There goes your storage. It's not a ton of space. It's not as much as you would have if this was a fully electric sedan. And honestly, I'm starting to get curious about what a fully electric version of the Bentley could look like. They don't have one yet, but that could be really cool. But you know, you can fit golf clubs. You can fit your storage for your charging equipment and some big speakers and stuff back here. But not as much as say something fully electric could afford them. Be close that from up here. Plenty of space. You get those quad tail pipes at the back. Pretty good looking athletics sedan. And just another look at how massive it is. Huge trunk, huge back seat, huge front seat, huge motor. Look at this. This thing is gigantic. But you know what? It's all about the inside. It's a Bentley after all. So let's show you what I've been sitting in for the past week. So this is the driver's seat. Here we go. It's about to get ultra wide. And now we're really living. OK, let's talk about this. So I basically just need to come back to the fact that this is a hybrid between the really luxurious, the my-box, the one where you want to be in the back seat. And this is definitely still one of those cars. But also a little bit of fun to drive, a little bit of muscle, a little bit of athleticism, which is kind of interesting. But Jesus, there's a lot of chrome and a lot of old school luxury looks in this interior here. I'm just going to show you the sheer amount of chrome and buttons in here. This feels like the opposite of a Tesla interior. All this, all this, all of this, all of this, all of this, all of this, all of this, all of this. You're around yet. There's a lot going on here. OK, let's start with the start button. I hit the start button, pushes me up into chair. This screen comes to life. This screen flips over. That's the infotainment system. I'm going to turn the HVAC system down a little bit. And no copyright music, please. But then this whole thing screams so I've, I mean, there is a ton of controls here. And you do feel very in control. I just don't think I need this many buttons. So here's just a few highlights of sitting in the front seat of this car. OK, here's the steering wheel. It's got all your controls on it. It is heated. You've got heated, ventilated, and massaging front seats, which have this two-tone stitch leather and massive headrest, which are very soft and comfortable. You've got this screen behind the steering wheel, which is completely digital for your attack. But then this screen as well, which can switch over to not being a screen at all, actually being what is this? Your outside air temperature, a compass, and a stopwatch. Or if you really, really, really don't want to see a screen, you hold it down and can go totally minimal as it swaps over to just the line. You also have your S logo for your flying spur S. You've got a ton of speakers. You've got a little bit of storage space in here, but that's kind of it. All of this is going to be taken up by electronics, and this is where your smartphone goes, kind of awkwardly placed behind the gear shifter on this wireless charger. It's got wired car play via this USB port right here, or that one if you want. And then all these ports for airflow are controlled by pushing in or out to let the air throw through, which is kind of nice. If you push it back, no air, pull it out. There's your air. It's got all of the sunroof controls you could possibly imagine, thanks to this split sunroof behind me and over the passengers in the back. And again, really not that much storage. I thought this would like open or like give me some sort of cavity space. It's just a moving armrest. Just moves up like that. No storage. If this is electric, I'd expect a lot more of this to be opened up, but you've got to put the battery in the drive train somewhere, so that's that's solid. I will say even though this is a pretty crazy, plastic-y fingerprint-y chromi area in the middle of a car, you've got your drive selector here. It makes perfect sense what this does, sport, Bentley, comfort or custom. Your drive selector's got some felt on the side, but moves up and down, so that's reverse forward, drive, and or manual back. And all the age back controls are here, which make it pretty easy. So I can't complain that there are all controls here, and this is pretty cool, even the sunshade stuff. You're heated in cool seats. But this just feels like it's going to look really cheap over time. I don't know. That feels like a pretty obvious thing, but a lot of cars still do this glossy plastic thing. So yeah. Because this is for sure a car I would want to be driven in just like the Mi-Box, so I want to show you the back seat. And yes, this is a 6.5-3 driving position and a ton, a ton of room. I mean, there's cutouts for my knees, but I don't need it. Like that's a lot of space. And even if you choose to lay back, like you're going to have a good time in the back seat of this car, super soft pillows up here, same deal heated and cooled seats. And all of the memory you could possibly want, lots of chrome, the sunshades are back here, and you of course have that second half of the sunroof. How are we looking here? How are we looking? Looking pretty good. Nice little vanity mirror. You could technically put three people back here, but you really never will, because there's no footroom for them. And also this gigantic space with chargers in the middle is much more convenient anyway. Much rather have cup holders and things in the center than another person. This is the chauffeur mobile. Anytime you see these vents back here and the speakers and all these controls and also more speakers, then you know you're going to have a good time in the back seat and it's no problem. Pro tip, if you are driving this car, this nukes your rear visibility. So put that down. Have you guys heard about this? This little tablet they give you in the back seat. This is for all of your HVAC controls and media controls back here. And if you for some reason want to pop it out and use it over here, well you can. And this is what the little tablet looks like. I much prefer this to what the MyBock does, which is just like a Samsung tablet popped in the middle. So this pops out and it still has all the same controls to play your music, move the next song, climate control. And it just pops back in with magnets here, just like that. And within a second or two, it locks itself into place. Pretty crummy, but pretty cool. That's nice. Anyway, let's get back to the front of this behemoth just because these doors are so rock solid and it's so quiet back here. But I don't think that most people buying this car are thinking about what it's going to be like to have fun spirited driving. I think they're mostly in it for the luxury and the space and the status of owning it Bentley. But now that I have driven it, I can tell you about it. And that's why I kind of use that that F luxury hybrid word. Basically this car drives kind of the way it looks, which is it's kind of just like a long, forward straight moving thing and it will do well in a straight line. Given it does have lots of chassis floating and rocking back and forth, you can put it into sport mode and it will use the electric motors plus the V6 to give you as much power and juice as you can. I think more interestingly is the different drive modes. So let me flip this over and actually show you what the different drive modes do. So you've got hybrid ready here, which is great. When you flip the screen around and you can actually go to hybrid and choose between EV drive, hybrid and hold. It's telling me I have eight miles of range left and this is my typical efficiency, which is pretty good, but you can legitimately get 20 plus miles of EV range from that 18 kilowatt hour battery. And if you use EV drive mode, it will mostly default to that quiet, silent, efficient EV driving. You use hybrid mode, then you'll start to switch back and forth between them a little bit. And if you use hold, you'll mostly be using the engine and you will slowly start filling up that e-range with battery. Although I've noted that's basically with mostly regen. And there does not appear to be any regen control. So when I let my foot off the accelerator, this car costs like a normal car. And when I put my foot on the brake, it starts to add regen and then starts to blend in friction braking. And there is no controls over how that works here at all. So you just kind of have to get calibrated to the way that Bentley has made it. Now the rest of this UI is pretty classic, like old school, not very good. Right now this is Bluetooth connected to my Android phone. So it's just for audio and I much prefer car play over this experience, which is why people love having car play on cars like these. It's because like they give you software, but come on, do you really want to navigate around using like this could be from the 90s, basically. So you can float around in here and mess with settings and change things like the heads up display, which is really, really good in this car and turn on off things like raising your suspension, blind spot assist and change those on a per mode basis. There's also a pretty corny night vision toggle, which will on the tiny screen in here show you an infrared heat map, but it's just a tiny little thing down here. And by the time you see something on that screen, you've probably seen it in real life. So it's not particularly useful. But I mean, the speaker system in here, really good. It's focused near the middle of the car by default. I'd move it up to the driver because it can sound banging in here. I just generally like, I don't really have too many complaints about like the livable, the daily litability of a car like this. You'd expect it to be really quiet, really smooth, super comfortable. You basically float over pop holes in the comfort setting and that's the way it should be. Yeah, for your $300,000, the way this one's option, it starts closer to 200. But for the price of this car, you'd expect it to be good and it is. But you start to see similarities with other cars that can do things like Tesla Model S, Porsche Panamera, maybe something that's 100 grand less that isn't the Bentley does the same sort of stuff. I just want to see an electric version of this would be like, like this is what I was thinking about with Cadillac, right? When Cadillac's first EV came out, it was the lyric and that's fine. It makes sense to make an SUV because that's what America mostly buys. But how obvious is a Cadillac EV escalate? It's going to be huge. It's going to be smooth. It's going to have a lot of space. That's what people want out of vehicles like that. And that's the way I think of giant luxury SUVs or cars like this too. This is the type of vehicle that would most benefit from going completely electric. It's already super heavy. So yeah, the electric version is also going to be heavy. But the electric version will be quieter. Electric version will be more spacious and that's already super important and it will be smoother. And all of those things are important to someone who buys one of these. So I think there should be an electric version of the Flying Spur. For now, the hybrid is okay. I'm just looking forward to the future of that type of stuff. Either way, it's been fun. I'm glad I got to do this. Thanks for watching. Catch you in the next one. Peace.